political_advisor
https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mino_Martinazzoli				Christian Democracy
https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/Attilio_Piccioni				Christian Democracy
https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guido_Gonella					Christian Democracy
https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amintore_Fanfani				Christian Democracy
https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mariano_Rumor					Christian Democracy
https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/Benigno_Zaccagnini			Christian Democracy
https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ciriaco_De_Mita				Christian Democracy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Palmiro_Togliatti				PCI
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luigi_Longo					PCI
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Enrico_Berlinguer				PCI
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alessandro_Natta				PCI
https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alberto_Jacometti				PSI
https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/Francesco_De_Martino			PSI
https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bettino_Craxi					PSI
https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alfredo_Covelli				PNM/PDIUM
https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/Achille_Lauro					PDIUM
https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pino_Rauti					MSI
https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/Giorgio_Almirante				MSI
https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/Augusto_De_Marsanich			MSI
https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arturo_Michelini				MSI
https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gianfranco_Fini				MSI
	
intel_advisor 
https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vito_Miceli
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fulvio_Martini
https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bruno_Branciforte
https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emanuele_De_Francesco
https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/Giovanni_de_Lorenzo
https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/Benito_Gavazza
https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/Giulio_Grassini
https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eugenio_Henke
https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vincenzo_Parisi
https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/Giuseppe_Santovito

foriegn_advisor
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pietro_Nenni					Italian Socialist Party
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carlo_Sforza					Italian Republican Party
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gaetano_Martino				Italian Liberal Party
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Antonio_Segni					Christian Democracy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Giuseppe_Saragat				Italian Democratic Socialist Party
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amintore_Fanfani				Christian Democracy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aldo_Moro						Christian Democracy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arnaldo_Forlani				Christian Democracy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emilio_Colombo				Christian Democracy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gianni_De_Michelis			Italian Socialist Party

education_advisor	https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Italian_Minister_of_Education
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guido_Gonella					Christian Democracy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Antonio_Segni					Christian Democracy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gaetano_Martino				Italian Liberal Party
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paolo_Rossi_(politician)		Italian Democratic Socialist Party
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luigi_Gui						Christian Democracy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Franco_Maria_Malfatti			Christian Democracy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Giovanni_Spadolini			Italian Republican Party
Salvatore Valitutti											Italian Liberal Party
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guido_Bodrato					Christian Democracy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Franca_Falcucci				Christian Democracy


economic_advisor	#(For ones with no wiki page https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Italian_Minister_of_Finance#Italian_Republic_(1946%E2%80%93present))
Mauro Scoccimarro											PCI
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luigi_Einaudi					Italian Liberal Party
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Giuseppe_Pella				Christian Democracy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adone_Zoli					Christian Democracy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roberto_Tremelloni			Italian Democratic Socialist Party
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Giulio_Andreotti				Christian Democracy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luigi_Preti					Italian Democratic Socialist Party
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roberto_Tremelloni			Italian Democratic Socialist Party
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oronzo_Reale					Italian Republican Party
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luigi_Preti					Italian Democratic Socialist Party
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bruno_Visentini				Italian Republican Party
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Filippo_Maria_Pandolfi		Christian Democracy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Franco_Reviglio				Italian Socialist Party
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bruno_Visentini				Italian Republican Party
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emilio_Colombo				Christian Democracy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rino_Formica					Italian Socialist Party

army_chief
https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/Giovanni_de_Lorenzo


air_chief

navy_chief
https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eugenio_Henke

high_command
https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eugenio_Henke